setUninstallURL to 1023 update (#27359)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/setuninstallurl/index.md

{{AddonSidebar()}}

> Sets the URL to be visited when the extension is uninstalled. This can be used to clean up server-side data, do analytics, or implement surveys. The URL can be up to 1023 characters. This limit has been lower, see [Browser compatibility](browser_compatibility) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the URL to be visited when the extension is uninstalled. This can be used to clean up server-side data, do analytics, or implement surveys. The URL can be up to 1023 characters. This limit used to be 255, see [Browser compatibility](browser_compatibility) for more details.
```
